hey guys is China one and I'm going to
be doing some voice acting yes some boys
acting and this time it's not for Ariana
and discovered hey this is actually
going to be a little voice acting
because I wanted to do a recovery of
voice acting for the sonic of the Black
Knight and I'm actually gonna just do
this just because yeah I wanted to point
something out very disturbing I can
sound like Amy Rose why I don't know why
but I saw like gave me rose this is just
wrong why am I hey me if you guys don't
believe me I'll give you guys some
examples here's some of the lines from
sonic adventure 2 battle let's begin Oh
Sonic I shall never see you again i'm so
glad you made it you're not Sonic who
are you boy am I glad to see you what
ails you did why are you doing here on
this island I know I'm here to save my
hero Sonic hurry I know Eggman is up to
no good again Shh keep your voice down
have no fear Amy Rose is here well if
you got no I can't ride with tails are
you sure you don't need my help it looks
like you could use it you mean that
black hedgehog if I tell you will you
marry me I thought I had you this time
yep that's my Amy impression oh no I
guess that I game hey this is just wrong
in so many levels let me think about it
anything of those with sonic concept
with shadow you get my drift haha well I
hope you guys like my Amy in
this is probably my only great Amy
impression i could good i can do so love
for a new goodbye for now and hmm what
does Amy always like to say I don't know